When was the last time you jumped? Cuz
one day you're going to jump for the
last time in your life, and you might
not even know when. The first time I
heard somebody say that, I literally
jumped on the spot. In fitness,
something is better than nothing. You
might think you need to wake up at 4:00
a.m. and follow a 7-day routine for
fitness, but I only work out for two
sets of two exercises twice a week. Now,
I know I'm not everybody's dream
physique, but for a dad, I can move
freely.
I am strong. Oh, it's been a while.
>> And I'm also very flexible. And I made
ebooks for those if you want to follow
along. Look, this is what the science
says. Doing one really hard set to
failure is enough to build muscle. Doing
three to four sets was also effective
for building that same muscle. But
here's the real kicker. Doing five or
six sets was about the same amount of
effectiveness as three to four sets.
What this means that the first set you
do, as long as it's intense enough with
the right amount of reps, is enough for
about 60% of the possible muscle gains
that you would have made otherwise. Yep.
Uh that's more than half. The additional
40% of gains that you could make comes
from just two more sets. Anything beyond
that is kind of statistically
insignificant, unless you're on
steroids, which I obviously am not, as
you can tell, I'm sure. So, the next
time your schedule is thrown off or you
overwhelm yourself with an impossible
routine, knock it off. For real though,
I did make free flexibility ebooks, so
download them. Stay flexy.